Q1. What is MongoDB?
A1. MongoDB is an open source NoSQL database management program. MongoDB is a document database with the scalability and flexibility that you want with the querying and indexing that you need.

Q2. What is difference between mongo DB and SQL?
A2. MongoDB
    MongoDB is a document-based, non-relational database management system.Another name for it is an object-based system.
    Every record in MongoDB is kept as a separate document.
    Documents from a specific class or group are kept in a “collection”.
    MongoDB supports out-of-the-box replication and sharding and was built with high availability and scalability in mind.
    It was created by MongoDB Inc. and was made available on February 11, 2009.

    SQL
    A table-based system is MySQL (or open-source relational database). The table-based architecture, which is regarded as a SQL database, is the data query structure for search.
    Each individual entry is saved as a “row” in a database in MySQL.
    Rows (also known as records) of a similar sort are kept in a “table.”
    Although the MySQL architecture does not support effective replication and sharding, one can access related data via joins in MySQL, which reduces duplication.
    On April 24, 1989, Microsoft Corporation first made this technology available.

Q3. Create database for online shopping app?
A3. The command for creating a database called shopDb is :- 'use shopDB'.

Q4. Create Require collections for online shopping app and documents.
A4. use.shopDB
	  i. User : db.createCollection('users')
	 ii. Product category : db.createCollection('categories')
	iii. Product : db.createCollection('products')
	 iv. Order : db.createCollection('orders')
	  v. Review : db.createCollection('reviews')

Q5. Write command to show all data from product collections and sort in ascending order.
A5. db.products.find().sort({"name" : 1}).

Q6. Update product price for particular product.
A6. db.products.update({name : "particular product"},{$set : {price : 50}}).

Q7. Write command to delete particular document and collection.
A7. db.collection.deleteOne({name : "xyz"}). - To delete a particular document.
    db.collection.drop(). - To delete a particular collection.